we know that most tarantula bites are
not a big deal for people as tarantulas
venom is not that toxic it's not a fatal
event it's usually the localized
swelling so cold water compresses are
the first line of defense keeping cold
water on keep the swelling down works
just like a bee sting sometimes you want
to put witch hazel on there that'll take
the sting away from there as well but if
you find yourself getting dizzy if you
find yourself having labored breath all
of a sudden you could be allergic to the
venom that was just injected into you
and that's a medical situation that
requires immediate care that's an
emergency situation that's anaphylactic
shock potentially setting in and you got
to get to the emergency room and get
something to counteract that but usually
a tarantula bite is in the hand usually
it's very localized and any kind of a
cold compress that you use for a bee
sting witch hazel again is the treatment
rashes from a tarantula are potentially
allergic reaction but usually the rashes
and the itching that comes from it and
I'm holding tarantulas today so I've got
it comes from those earth decay ting
hairs those are terrible little tiny
hairs that are digging into the pores of
your skin and Lodging if they get into
the soft tissues even nose your lips
your eyes it can be extremely irritating
that's got to be taken off with running
cold water and then more of a patting
motion to pull those hairs off your body
you don't want to really rub it in or
scratch it in like I just did because
you're digging it further into your skin
you want to get it off with a patting
motion almost like a band-aid on top of
it rip those little hairs out piece of
scotch tape or something to get them off
if you know where they are often times
is so miniscule and so small it's hard
to find certainly taking a cold shower
little soapy water isn't going to hurt
any to get them off you as well but
that's the first line of defense is to
Pat your body and take those hairs off
cold water for a bite and really know
your species don't try to handle one
that's going to have the potential to
bite you or the potential of flicka's
hairs I'll leave them be